Addict - Whatever your fix is, you've GOT TO have it.
Adherent - Stay true to your goals/beliefs no matter what.
Adjudicator - Pronounce the solutions to others' problems.
Advisor - Your wise counsel is sought out.
Analyst - Collection and study of information brings understanding.
Architect - Creation is your passion.
Artisan - Hard work and dedication will get you there, wherever that is.
Artist - Inspire, challenge or provoke others with your works.
Aspirant - A master of none is better than a master of one.
Autocrat - Control freak.
Avant Garde - A fascination with the trendy and new.
Barbarian - Civilization is the crutch of the weak
Beast - Conquer all who oppose you, destroying them if possible.
Believer - You must convince others of the Truth only you know.
Bon Vivant - Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow we die.
Bravo - Cruelty and bullying are your good points.
Bumpkin - Solid and practical, common sense, and pragmatism.
Bureaucrat - Rules and laws weren't made to be broken, ever.
Caregiver - Actively caring or helping others.
Cavalier - The fearless hero.
Celebrant - Pursue excitement in all things.
Challenger - You exist to test the mettle of others, especially your so-called betters.
Child - Working through immaturity and innocence.
Churl - Manners are for wimps, wusses, and mama's boys.
Competitor - You must win everything to be happy.
Comrade - You value friendship above all other things.
Confidant - A good listener and keeper of secrets.
Conformist - You would rather follow a powerful figure than lead.
Conniver - You want something for nothing.
Courtier - The social butterfly.
Coward - The Coward fears himself above all.
Crafter - The urge to improve things burns strong within you.
Craven - Better a live coward than a dead hero.
Critic - You find imperfections in everything.
Crusader - All action must serve your goal and inspire others likewise.
Curmudgeon - Cynicism is the main means of operation.
Dandy - A social climber at heart, whatever it takes.
Darling - You are the apple of everyone's eye.
Defender - You stand guard over that for which you care.
Demagogue - Incite others to your side using their fears and prejudices.
Deviant - The status quo is for suckers.
Diplomat - There is always a compromise to be had.
Director - Order is the name of the game.
Dreamer - Focus on the loftiness of your goals, not their practicality.
Eccentric - Strange times call for strange behavior/attitudes.
Engine - Utterly implacable, nothing sways you from your goal.
Evangelist - Whatever it is you have faith in, you must spread the word.
Explorer - Seek new experiences and ideas.
Eye of the Storm - The thrill of chaos calls to you.
Fanatic - One cause, full support for it.
Fatalist - All things will go wrong.
Fiend - You inflict pain for no other reason than the enjoyment you get out of watching others suffer.
Fool - No matter the cause, as long as someone tells you what it is.
Fop - Appearance is everything.
Freak - Your mind is a seething realm of chaos that you can barely understand
Futurist - Revels in the magnificent unknown.
Gadfly - The watcher watching the watchmen, keeping the powers that be honest.
Gallant - A rogue to themselves, a jerk to most.
Grotesque - You love disgusting others and go out of your way to push their buttons.
Guru - Your enlightenment draws others to you.
Healer - Ease the pain and suffering of the afflicted.
Hedonist - The pursuit of pleasure is your reason for living.
Hermit - Reclusive and ascetic.
Hoarder - You have determined that you will never lack for anything.
Honest Abe - The simple things in life are best.
Humbug - Grumpy, sour, and just plain cranky, nothing ever satisfies you.
Ice heart - You are the Ice Queen, the detached and cold pragmatist.
Jester - In the school of life, you are the class clown.
Jobs worth - The routine is the only comfortable way to exist.
Judge - Brutal honesty results in improvements.
Knave - With a sparkle in your eye, you cajole, encourage, tempt, trick, and manipulate others into exploring their darkest desires.
Knight - You follow all the old codes of chivalry/bushido/whatever and seek to aid those in need.
Lackey - You are a servile minion, drawing strength from those you serve.
Loner - Company makes for uncomfortable situations.
Lurker - To not be noticed, and you slouch, slink, and creep out of the way.
Manipulator - It's fun to tweak the actions of others.
Martyr - The sacrifice of one is beneficial to others.
Masochist - It ain't good until it hurts.
Mastermind - You are the brilliant, if underestimated, architect of destruction.
Meddler - You know what's best for everyone.
Mediator - Balance is the best way.
Merchant - Everything and everyone is up for sale.
Minion - ou crave the attentions of beings more powerful than yourself.
Monger - You value only one thing, be it money, fame, power, etc.
Monster - knows she is a creature of darkness and acts like it.
Mystic - It's a strange world out there, and you're determined to find out more about it.
None Partisan - Avoid external preconceptions, judge things/people for yourself.
Obfuscater - One who buries their secrets.
Optimist - Life is good. Live it.
Orchid - Innocence, now faced with the harsh realities of the world.
Outcast - You are a loner, a drifter on the outskirts of society.
Outlaw -  You take what you want from others without a moment's hesitation and guilt.
Outsider - rebel, with or without a cause.
Paladin - Nothing is too good or too low for your God.
Panderer - You love to see other people happy, regardless of yourself.
Pandora - You just can't seem to keep your box shut.
Paragon - Stick to your code to provide an example to the rest.
Paranoid - They actually are after you…
Peacock - You are the most attractive, smartest, best person in the world.
Pedagogue - Learning is what life is all about.
Penitent - There is no right to exist. It must be earned.
Perfectionist - Mistakes cannot be made.
Philanthropist - You have a highly defined sense of morality and always strive to do the "right" thing.
Pishogue - You interpret reality very differently than everyone else, but in a benign fashion.
Plotter - Nothing can be done right without a plan.
Poltroon - Someone cannot shoot at a target they do not have.
Praise Seeker - The opinions of others drive existence.
Prankster - Jokes, pranks, and laughs. Loki would be proud.
Predator - You divide the world into those who hunt, and those who are hunted.
Provider - Your focus is your family's well-being.
Questor - The Questor seeks to find the one great answer that will make sense of the world.
Ragamuffin - Substance is all that matters
Rake - You are a greedy sensualist, a miser, a glutton, an obsessive collector, and a hoarder of experience.
Rational - Logic and reason above all else.
Rebel - The establishment is a joke.
Regent - Nobility in the purest sense, you are the ruler, the patriarch or matriarch.
Ringleader - You have your gang and you rule them with an iron fist.
Rogue - Only one thing matters to the Rogue: herself. To each his own.
Sadist - You like to push the boundaries other others and try to see how much they can take.
Sage - You are the advisor, the wise one, the teacher.
Saint - You feel the pain of those around you and strive to ease their suffering.
Savage - Back to nature, trash the rest.
Schismatic - Things fall apart. The center cannot hold. You are a destroyer of social institutions.
Seer - Someone has to plumb the mysteries of the world, for the good of others.
Soldier - Your firm resolve under pressure keeps the team together.
Sophist - One who teaches solely for self gain.
Squire - Servant and side kick, all in one.
Stoic - All hardships must be endured with calm.
Survivor - Perseverance is the only way to get ahead in life.
Sycophant - Let others do the hard work and live on praise for it.
Thrill Seeker - Take a chance on everything.
Traditionalist - The old ways are the best ways.
Trickster - Find the absurd in everything.
Troubadour - You walk in a fog of pink and lilac optimism.
Vigilante - Decide and dispense justice yourself.
Virtuoso - Seek to master one thing, be the best of the best.
Visionary - There is something more to life and this existence.
Wayfarer - The endless wanderer.
